Yo, what's the wind blowing today?
Miss Tang actually took the initiative to ask me out
Cut the crap, there's something you need to do
Miss Tang
I'm not your servant
I heard you were talking about sleeping spirit noodles?
But it didn't work twice.
shut up
Did not eat the meat in the mouth
What do you want me to do?
Very simple.
I'll send it to your bed
You tortured him.
Use all your ripe ones
Miss Tang
Do you want his life?
How much is his life worth?
But
If you get played to death
Then it's his fault
When was it delivered?
Wait for my notice.
Sister, are you feeling better?
Sister-in-law, why are you here?
It was Mr. Gu's subordinates who brought me here
He said that you have been working overtime every day recently, and you are tired.
Hard life
Sister, I'm done with surgery.
Recovery is also good
How about your body now?
It's already pretty good.
You don't have to fight like this.
We're done.
When did you have the surgery?
It was arranged by Mr. Gu